Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcsci-3300-assignment-6
<br>
When you see “Richard Ricardo” in the example screen captures, change it to . When you see “Richard” in the example screen captures, change it to . If you do not put / in the above mentioned fields, you will get 0 points for the question(s). No two students should submit webpages with exactly the same code, or same content, or same layout, or same color combination. If found, both students will get 0 points. Create a folder on your hard disk, name the folder lastname_firstname_assignment6. Save all the files from this assignment in this folder. Create the following subfolders (in the folder lastname_firstname_assignment6): q1, q2, q3, q4. As a result, you should have the following folder (directory) structure for this assignment:  lastname_firstname_assignment6q1  lastname_firstname_assignment6q2  lastname_firstname_assignment6q3  lastname_firstname_assignment6q4 Use http://www.javascriptlint.com/online lint.php website to help debugging JavaScript. It will make your debugging process easier. All html (JavaScript) files must pass JavaScript validation at this website without any error, without any warning (-2 points for each error, each warning). Total estimated time for this assignment: 10 hours Question 1 – JavaScript Chapter 4 (25 points) Estimated time: 2 hours  Save question 1 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment6q1”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Count Down / Count Up” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Allow the user to click on one of the four buttons. o Use for loop to achieve button 1’s effects o Use while loop to achieve button 2’s effects o Use for loop to achieve button 3’s effects o Use while loop to achieve button 4’s effects  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program. You can use the same (or similar) css file(s) to format all questions.Question 2 – JavaScript Chapter 4 (25 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save question 2 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment6q2”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Secret Scroll” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Write a program that asks the user for Po’s secret word. o The secret word must have exactly nine characters and may not include spaces. o All other keyboard characters are allowed. o A loop (while or do…while) should prompt the user to re-enter another secret word until both these conditions are met.  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program.

Question 3 – JavaScript Chapter 4 &amp; 5 (25 points) Estimated time: 2 hours  Save question 3 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment6q3”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Training Log” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Write a program that allows the user to enter Po’s training hours for each month. o The user should be allowed to enter as many data set as desired (You must use do…while loop). o The output should look like the example output shown. o The program should also calculate Po’s total training hours.  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program.

Question 4 – JavaScript Chapter 4 &amp; 5 (25 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save question 4 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment6q4”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Sequence” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Allow the user to click on one of the four buttons. o You can (must) choose to use for loop, while loop or do..while loop. o The sequences generated and the output should look like the example output shown.  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program. You can use the same (or similar) css file(s) to format all questions.